# FBR20-Electronics

This repo houses all the code the car needs to run, separated into steering 
wheel, telemetry, and CAN bus files.


# Git Gud

[Git Crash Course](https://rogerdudler.github.io/git-guide/)

Git can be separated into remote and local repository (repo), how it works is 
that you can *clone* a repo to your local machine, *add* files you would like 
git to track, *commit* your changes to your local branch, *pull* changes by 
others from the remote repo, and *push* your own local changes. Locally git can 
be separated into three areas:

```Untracked files -> tracked files -> staging area```

Untracked files are usually not part of the project and will not be added to the
repo. Tracked files are project files, and files in here will have status shown 
(i.e. new file/changed/renamed...). The staging area is files that are ready to 
be *committed*, and tracked files needs to be added by ```git add```.

These are the only commands I would recommend using on the command line/IDE, 
for more complex commands (such as creating pull requests for merging branches) 
use the web interface. 

# Best Practices

### No spaces in file names or folder names please

**No direct pushing/committing on the master branch**

1. Use branches

Each of the following tasks are on a separate 
branch, please work on the branch relevant to your task. If multiple people are 
on the same branch please make sub-branches from the main task branch 

*e.g.* 
```
steering-wheel -> steering-wheel-warninglights
               -> steering-wheel-RPM-lights
```

We will merge them into the main steering-wheel branch when you make a merge 
request to the task branch.

2. Micro-commit

Commit every time you've implemented a feature - it allows easy rollback to 
previous version without too much code loss if things go wrong (and they *WILL* 
go wrong).

3. Handy commands

```git clone <path/to/directory>``` - clones a local copy of the repo to your
machine so you can make changes.

```git pull origin <name of branch>``` - pulls any changes others have 
published on the remote branch of the said name since your last update/ initial 
clone

```git add <file to be added>``` - adds file to the staging area to be included 
in the next commit.

```git commit -m "Commit message here"``` - commits file to the local branch 
with the commit message - please make the commit message meaningful so it is 
easier to backtrack (**Not** ```Add new file```) 

```git push origin <name of branch>``` - push your local commits to the remote 
repo on the named branch. Note that on the first push git may require you to 
set the upstream branch with the flag ```--set-upstream-to```


# Tasks

Each function to be made are described in respective folders' ```README```,
please edit the ```README``` with your name if you are currently working on the 
task, and remove it if not. If someone is already working on one and you want 
to join, contact them and see if you can help before writing your own code. 
Otherwise just write your name down and contact me (Will) for any 
questions/purchasing. 


